Hey, wake up
Big brother is not good
The eldest sister brought someone to call up
Brothers can't take it anymore
What are you afraid of?
We have both of them.
Are you still afraid that Linlang will eat us?
Sir, please let me go
Shut up old woman
I have a big life now, you know?
Grandma, I'm going to let my grandma go too
Otherwise, my mother will not forgive you when she comes.
Hahahaha
What is Lin Lan?
I want to kill him easily
I released my granddaughter
What's the matter, you came to me?
Let go of my daughter
Mom and Dad
Sister, I didn't expect you to come so fast.
It seems that you are not as close as the legends say
Favor, Ah Kun
I'm giving you one last chance.
Let go of my daughter
I can pretend that nothing happened.
Give me a chance.
Hahaha wow
When did Kun need someone else to give me a chance?
Liang Kun you bastard
Big sister treats you as a brother and you betrayed him
Something less than splendid